IPL Proposal.md, before:




## Proposal

####Overview/Abstract
	I will be making a program that will match hypothetical undergraduate students with colleges. The matching will be based on the student's preferences, the college's maximum student capacity, and the college's minimum requirement for registration.

####BackGround
	This is my first time coding in ProLog, or any Logic based language, so I hav espent time looking at working code. I am also taking a Logic and Sets class, so this project will fit nicely with that class.

####Significance
	Finding the right college can be very difficult for a new high-school graduate, or any person for that matter, and I'm hoping that as I'm coding this tool, I might just learn more about logic, and coding in general.

####Deliverables


 - Skeleton (D: 7.5 hours): Matching students to colleges, if the college is preferred and has slots available.
 - Basic (C: 15 hours) : Adding in college minimum requirements. (Such as SAT scores, GPA's, etc.)
 - Solid (B: 22.5 hours) : Having the colleges prioritize the higher ranking students, picking the "best of the bunch" rather than the first in the list.
 - Awesome (A: 30 hours) : Replace the student ranking of colleges with a list of preferred characteristics that a college should have.

#### Tools
	SWI ProLog

####Possible Problems:
	Being that ProLog is a logic based language, I think the most obvious problem I am going to face is trying to write in this code that is new to me.

####References
	I will primarily using wikipedia, and the SWI ProLog documentation, which can be found below.

[Prolog Documentation](http://www.swi-prolog.org/download/stable)

Commit message:

Changed the proposal.
After diving in to the project for some time, I realized just how
different ProLog was from the other languages I have used. In ProLog,
there is no such thing as time, I knew this, but the implications were
what escaped me.

After the experience I gained, I figured out that it would be very
difficult to have an actual roster print, rather than on a student by
student basis. So I changed that to the "A" level deliverable, and
balanced out the other goals.

IPL Proposal.md, after:




## Proposal

####Overview/Abstract
	I will be making a program that will match hypothetical undergraduate students with colleges. The matching will be based on the student's preferences, the college's maximum student capacity, and the college's minimum requirement for registration.

####BackGround
	This is my first time coding in ProLog, or any Logic based language, so I hav espent time looking at working code. I am also taking a Logic and Sets class, so this project will fit nicely with that class.

####Significance
	Finding the right college can be very difficult for a new high-school graduate, or any person for that matter, and I'm hoping that as I'm coding this tool, I might just learn more about logic, and coding in general.

####Deliverables


 - Skeleton (D: 7.5 hours): Matching students to colleges, if the college is preferred, and is accepting students.
 - Basic (C: 15 hours) : Adding in college minimum requirements. (Such as SAT scores, GPA's, etc.)
 - Solid (B: 22.5 hours) : Replace the student ranking of colleges with a list of preferred characteristics that a college should have.
 - Awesome (A: 30 hours) : Having the colleges prioritize the higher ranking students, picking the "best of the bunch" rather than the first in the list. And have a function that returns the full roster with the given students.

#### Tools
	SWI ProLog

####Possible Problems:
	Being that ProLog is a logic based language, I think the most obvious problem I am going to face is trying to write in this code that is new to me.

####References
	I will primarily using wikipedia, and the SWI ProLog documentation, which can be found below.

[Prolog Documentation](http://www.swi-prolog.org/download/stable)
